hello girls today I'm coming back
to tell you about a good brushes plan
so if you follow me
to keep my tutorial you regularly
must have seen for a few months
new white or black brushes
that is to say of this style and I
use a lot to make my complexion
I thought it was time
to talk about it
so for those who are used to
brushes are simply
dupes of sigma brushes and it turns out
that as we find in plenty of
different shops
I ordered a kit in a shop
and one who are in a watch in order to
to be able to compare them and to be sure of
to make a difference I chose a
black and silver kit and white kit and
golden just at sight of the eye like that you
you can see that if there exits
the brushes are shorter than the one
on the other hand not having the real
sigmar i do not know if the fees are
rather of his paella or this one what
be it the brushes are the
same at the level of shapes so I'm going
show you a kit in details and I
will you then tell what is the
difference that I could notice I you
so presents the white kit that includes
five big brush reaches and five small
in fact you have exactly the same
form
wholesale and small whenever I
so start with this brush which is
round and pointed and that I like
especially for the contour in
since it will allow really good
draw the line and then e health
on the top and you also have the
small model that is very convenient for
the nest then we have the beveled
rounded so this is really a
question of taste some are going
want to apply bluff with others
preferred to apply the products
creams like the foundation so there
really it is according to your tastes according to your
cravings
and of course you have the little one on
the same model is this one on the other hand
is just super convenient to fade
the concealer I then go with a brush
totally flat so there me
personally the big one I use for
my compact powder but I also like
use the beveled dish for
compact powders so the device
really it's up to you
decide in any case they are very
practices and what I can not
blame it's their sweetness are just
super us and like the brushes
previous we also have the same ones in
very small then both there whatever
one or the other as they are flat and
how to say quite dense but airy at the
I do not know how to say it
do I like them a lot to place
leiter here I do not know why seen
they are flat I think that's it
in these areas it's not bad it's
yeah I like them for readers
and I finish with the simple kabuki
rounded like that where we see she's going
powder in with the same pattern in
smaller so this one of course
it's for my powder or but fond of
liquid complexion
it depends a little bit on my mood
that's why that advantage actually
to have several brushes that can
serve more or less the same
because in fact you can decide that
this one will be for powders
this one it will be for the foundations
this cream for free powders
this is really you who decide
more or less of the destination according to the
how you feel about your skin and
suddenly this one has it at all
small rounded I confess it's the one
that I use the least I do not have
still specially found of how
say two goals own but that would not know
delay
so already to start to compare
size as I told you all to
the hour in the black pic the brushes
are smaller than in the kit
doubling then by cons after at
form level it's slightly
similar then I say slightly in
done at the base these are the same a jump
here we have two pointed small size on
there are two cases but which bigger but if
you look good the diameters are only
not the same the amount of hair so
suddenly it's not the same for example
between the two there we see that the
base is wider so a priori there is
more hair for example if I take
the two that I have therefore allocated to the anti
rings you can see who appears a
big difference in size and
the arrival when I apply my anti
dark circles with this one I have the impression
that this is it really fits more to the
part to the area below the eye of the
make it a little bigger
while with this one there is a lot
smaller so I'm going to spend more than
time to chat plus he is a small
little more rigid
so here I have a small preference
for black after usually mostly
the brushes that I compared I have a
preference for the black kit really from
general way but then again I think
it really depends on the tastes and
by the way if you look at my videos
you see me more often used the
brushes that have the black handle that this
creaming white game so talk a little
little price now black brushes
I saw them on the colorful site
onlive and I paid the ten brushes 25
euros that 's 25 euros and brushes
whites
I had them on ebay simply
and I paid a little slips
less than 17 dollars
so not even 15 euros which is not
really cheap considering the
quality as well 25 euros for that
kane euros for that it's really
very very very reasonable prices even
more than that for this kind of brush
so to conclude if you want some
specific brushes for the complexion and that
his brushes interest you my opinion
personal is that the kit that I paid
25 euros fits me better compared
to my expectations
hamoir messi 25 euros is too expensive
for you or prefer to order
on ebay than on the website colorful online
get away there for less than 15 euros is
just perfect also it will make very
very well do it so that's all for
this little video on my brushes
dyed as you will have noticed I
put a little bit of time to make you
this video but I really wanted
have some perspective on the quality
brushes it's true when we
use a week we can not
necessarily realize if really
they will lose their hair or not there in
the occurrence I washed them several
time it did not happen so really
at the level value for money has nothing to
to say then you'll understand I
prefers blacks but maybe that
you in my place would prefer the whites
it really is everyone each his
tastes simply
and so I put you the broad links
and find the two kits under the video
course and then waiting for my
next refusal I send you lots of
Big kisses and see you soon cha